so today's video is gonna be a lot of
fun we actually came in on the weekend
and cleaned out the server room and one
of the things that i noticed
was that these shelves which are
supposed to be the shelves that hold the
pending projects for our writer instead
[Music]
wow indelible marker
these shelves all wish that would come
off easier too which are supposed to
hold the projects for our writing staff
basically haven't even been looked at in
months and so
i was watching other youtube videos i
wasn't really watching them i was more
scrolling through titles and thumbnails
and i saw someone's video something
about extreme declutter and you know
what i was inspired we're gonna do
extreme tech declutter and james is
gonna be my love ass
it's short for lovely assistant
storyblocks videoblocks offers you
studio quality stock video clips for a
fraction of the cost check it out today
at the link in the video description
so when you say declutter you mean i
mean everything that we are never
actually gonna make a video about needs
to come
off these damn shelves thermaltake pumps
jake
this looks more like a monitor bracket
to me wow this is oh this is from rgb
water cooling
this is like
why is it on whose shelves it's on
james's shelf
there
so here's the plan then we're just going
to take this james bin and we're going
to make it into a things james will have
to deal with off camera bin what is this
oh you're gonna love this
an atari hat
not just an atari hat a hat with
speakers in it
hey
that's creepy
what what's the point though is it a
webcam i think it's like a selfie camera
[Laughter]
oh yeah it's kind of yeah no it's like
kind of hard to
what is the rhythm this is the exact
same situation i was like no thanks not
at this time and they were like ah let's
try it and so that is like a personal
biometrics recording device i don't even
know what it measures i tried to look up
it's all
it doesn't have a bot it's all acronyms
no this is an engineering sample oh dude
we ended up with serial number one and
we never did anything with it
okay uh we should make an ebay pile
a legal keypad for lawyers on the move
meet the legal pet you can press half
the key down
without actually activating the switch
oh i'm not impressed so this one's mush
city too but you can see it's a normal
qwerty but on the numpad side it has all
these weird little legalese symbols
so you can more easily write contracts
and stuff it's a lawyer keyboard it's a
lawyer keyboard for
lawyers who don't feel like being able
to hit their enter key with their pinky
yeah it's
it's american legalese with a european
freaking layout brilliant oh my god is
this a wireless music light bulb
you know what we should do we should get
the audience through their upvotes in
the comments to pick
four items for the next handy tech under
100.
so this will be a candidate
what are these is this an entire pile of
keyboards yes
and it's a split keyboard oh so there's
like a telephone wire kind of cable that
connects them yeah and they connect with
these magnets
those are the contact points and then
these are steel rails so it's a pretty
sturdy connection
yeah once it's on there that's not bad
and where we just were we gonna review
it and then just didn't get around to it
exactly it's a nice keyboard it's got
there's different switch types you can
order most of them are kales but you can
get cherry i think greens and
whites or something clear ah interesting
the uh yeah that's one of the coolest
things is when it's split apart you can
get these other modules that you plug
onto here that give you that give you
like thumb controls touch pad track
point trackball
so those are all for the right side yeah
and then on this side you can get one
that's like a just a cluster of keys
maybe some tables 225
and the modules are 60 bucks
did they just send us all the tilting
stuff but none of the modules those
modules are so cool yeah
ultimate hacking keyboard if you're
watching and you want to send us even
more expensive stuff that we might never
do anything with
and that's on my wish list
what is the keyz and how old is this
i think it's supposed to just look old
it's these things are awesome actually
so if you have a fob for your apartment
you can program it onto here
and it can learn up to four different
low frequency rfids like 125 hertz
things so let's say you're airbnb slum
lord and you have five or four different
apartments you can put them all in one
fob
how much is this
50 bucks 44 45 bucks okay so we can
throw this in the handy tech under 100
candidates the kizi
oh god yeah that's ebay the system is
broken no because this is to be dealt
with this we're not obeying this bracket
oh that was probably going to be the
handicap bin okay so this is the bin to
reconcile later
boom oh you failed
you're supposed to write that and then
look up in the camera so the editor
could put sunglasses on
okay we'll reenact it
deal
with it
uh so this is a webcam
cover for privacy it's a privacy cover
it's slides and they were nice enough to
make linus tech tips branded ones so
here's a shout out stegall so your shelf
was actually pretty clean that was the
easiest one
yeah i'm not dealing with this guy's
stuff oh you are this anything no he
gets his own bin
they get their own reconciled you
volunteered to help oh my god
that is
for a build that we've been planning to
do for over a year
but uh
well
it has a ryzen 5 1600x in it the build
literally got outdated in the time that
we were thinking about actually doing it
yeah like i said over a year pretty sure
it was halloween last year
that we first started looking at this
eight mags of edo ran
good thing that's on the shelf taking up
valuable shelf real estate okay i
actually know the story behind this
so
this is a motherboard
for the um
the bare bones super micro server that
we used for 10 gamers or eight gamers
depending how you count it one cpu oh my
god so half of your shelf is stuff from
brian's basement we need to do a tech
hoarders
episode on brian's basement remember the
guy from the like uh uh
electric car charger video yellow is
this an actual commodore 64. yes
[Music]
does this work as far as i know actually
this would be a cool sleeper is that an
apple ii
uh
you get
one shelf
for dos gaming pc
okay
anything that doesn't fit on the one
shelf
goes back to brian
or free geek or whatever so you heard it
here first guys we're doing a dos gaming
pc it was supposed to be a surprise well
it's not anymore what is this oh that's
the cheapest monitor oh
this is the cheapest monitor on amazon
right yeah oh my god we should do this
video right now
yeah alex shall we have a look at your
shelf oh let's why don't we start with
this
so that's the singularity i know what it
is
i'm just for the viewers that might not
know
be careful with that it's it's one of a
kind
no i think he's made quite a few at this
point well yeah but this is the first
prototype
so is this the way we should be treating
it then oh my god you're getting a call
hold on hold on
hello this is james's answering
[Music]
services company today you can provide
your valuable input to the television
and radio broadcasters by agreeing to
answer a few questions related to media
usage in your household but i've
contacted you on your cell phone so i
would like to ensure that it's safe for
you to
uh sorry i'm driving um
sorry about that i gotta go
[Music]
there are still ssds in here yep
what the hell are these the 850 pro one
terabytes
these are labeled that's what these are
isn't it probably these are labeled
missing in the system oh
what the hell
these this has been here for like six
months you're always so negative this is
we just found two missing ssds you know
how much these were worth when it was
lost do you know how much they're worth
now
about the same no
alex this is where all the noctua
industrial ppc fans are
alex
[Music]
all right what's this
is this just the box for this blade
thumbs up retweet if you want these what
is this
um that's from the rave pc
but it still is a fully functional laser
light show
we needed a laser light show the other
day did we use this
no
because yeah we couldn't find it
reservoir and pump yeah that's going to
be super your problem to figure out
where the packaging is for it
there we go
nailed it
all right smart guy
then where's the package for this one
yeah more harder question
yeah you think also remember how i was
running around the office looking for
one of those molex to ac power adapters
that are 40 each that we ordered more of
to replace them today
well here's one
goes in there's a bin over there
this whole thing is it yeah that whole
thing is one adapter i'm gonna cable tie
it thank you go through stuff oh my god
this is like almost as bad as anthony's
this is the itx form-factor pc from like
a decade ago which you can we're
considering popping into your system
after interfacing i was
yes no i wasn't yes you said it's not
completely stupid okay
windows xp okay me saying something is
not completely stupid it's not the same
as me considering putting it in my car
so basically it's a computer that goes
in your dash into a mini yeah gently
man
what even
this is gift wrap
lighting because the stock header tube
was like too bright so it made it custom
like this
yeah dog is that mushkin red lines right
here here dawg
so this board needs to go back to
whichever kind viewer sent it to us yeah
gentle this is my prize graphics card
collection why is it here because i
never took it home after it was
displayed ltx
that was six months ago i know i am a
well aware it's a graphics card
with ethernet jacks all over the back of
it
yeah we'll explain that later
why
do you still have all these old ass
gaming machines and why are they all
here all of them are here answer is 42.
do you have any gaming pcs at home left
yes
they're not as old but quite as obsolete
show me the hand strength
it's flexed a little actually weird flex
oh my god it still has the peel on it
oh please do it no no i can't this is
like this is vintage
here man you can't peel that they're all
on
oh
this
this was the board to have when i was
getting into being a pc
nerd so this is the old wd velociraptor
this was the pinnacle of hard drive
performance back in those days back when
hard drive performance was not an
oxymoron oh my god 2006 pipe dream
product sync
you know what i'm going to do
do it what'd you say you ever seen that
big before
only in my dreams
all right all of it
all of it
balls don't go in the mouth
oh it doesn't taste right
[Music]
jake's is actually not as bad as i
thought it was gonna be my expectation
for him was very low
it's because he takes his junk and puts
on other people's shelves like that part
straight from the beginning look my
you gotta wait for the camera to
actually be rolling
it's like he's actually this annoying
all the time
this is copper tubing why does it say
rgb build yeah
it says what's this cartoon build there
you actually did a good job of putting
away the cooler for your card sort of
mostly what that's an excellent job
i i blame matt james you blame james
yeah for helping
james what is your rebuttal he was too
lazy to put it up in 101 so he dumped it
in my hands and then i put it on my
shelf in the meantime
oh
what
you didn't even tell me what this was
for i literally i asked you and then i
was like oh wait i don't need it and
then you're like oh well too bad you got
it and then you walked away you gave me
a hangout it's been like you stopped
that's what happened you still have that
wall mount thing here
here's the oh the proper one that only
arrived today yeah well
and where's the bin
well you know what i'll do a favor i'll
put this back on the shelf for you yeah
do me a favor yeah do it do yourself a
favor
well i have made this worse that was
entirely your fault okay so this is
basically just a bin of garbage
yeah sure inside another bin of garbage
that's not garbage that's an ltt edition
fan
[Music]
which brings us finally to the cleanest
and most organized of all the shelves
all right linus how do you explain
this
someone's screwing me over here no ow oh
why'd you step on my oh what are you
wearing socks and sandals at work so
basically
this is
completely like working
is it still dripping
and like ready to go it's been upgraded
to a gtx 1070 that hasn't actually been
submerged yet because
uh the other one like sparked in the
middle of a video that we're making
about it
the motherboard's been replaced as well
i think
yeah it's the original power supply so
the issue we had was that the case for
it
you can drop it right on my toes i'm
wearing real shoes
oh yeah those those are going to protect
your toes so much
no
no the audience believes me it is
leaking
oh god there's oil over the floor
oh
[Music]
oh okay yeah that's why that bag was
there thank you
um don't get your socks wet
okay so here i'm gonna put this oh yeah
it's here then yeah yeah that's
okay ah
okay so the problem was that the outer
acrylic
aquarium for it was leaking
um we actually solved that problem
so here's the original castle and
everything that was inside it this paint
held up surprisingly well to the middle
oil by the way
um
and this is actually
a new
aquarium that puget systems gave us out
of their reception room because their
mineral oil pc
finally died
and so they they dropped this off for us
i think is this the one they dropped off
for us jake that's the one that yeah
they brought to my house yeah so this
one is new so it's just a matter of like
putting it back together and i've had it
on my shelf because i thought maybe it's
a video but like it seems like a short
video
literally just we could do a live taking
that putting it in there
yeah we could stream it yeah we could
just like maybe upgrade it again let us
know in the comments if you want to see
mineral oil resurrected live stream
that'd be pretty sweet
okay
yeah so in that case yes this is an
active project he'll say anything to
keep this stuff on his shelf
well i just i don't want to get rid of
it it's got a lot of sentimental value
to me
what when did that video i think we have
a new record here
before any of you worked here if you
guys worked here before you'd probably
have that older stuff too all right so
that's the benefit of if you like
something a lot he says oh just yeah
it's technically an ongoing project
because we're going to make a video out
here yeah no everyone else who works
under you have to take this stuff and
pack it up literally the definition of
of an ongoing project we're gonna make a
video about it we're gonna you decide
who makes the video we're gonna
livestream it on friday
one of a kind
this is a prototype of an aio cooler
landed in the mineral oil
so this is a prototype of a of an aio
cooler that doesn't require a pump
oh yes
i remember this yeah so i was thinking
do you want to see a video about it it
doesn't really like work properly it's
just a prototype it's like a proof of
concept it doesn't perform well but do
you guys want to see a video
like it does work
right no
fine go ahead you try
what's most of this spell
[Laughter]
you can't team up on me like that that's
it i'm done oh yeah what about all this
stuff in here
i was just joking
that's an exit with story blocks you can
get studio quality stock video clips for
a fraction of the cost and you can
download all the stock video that your
heart desires from their members library
including hd and 4k footage after
effects templates motion backgrounds and
more plus you get exclusive discounts on
millions of additional marketplace clips
where you will save 40 on every purchase
compared to non-members and this is
pretty cool the original artists take
home a commission of the sale price
all of their content is royalty free so
you can use it for commercial and
personal projects such as youtube videos
or youtube videos depending on whether
you do those personally or commercially
and new clips are added regularly so
there's always something fresh to
download go check them out at the link
in the video description
so thanks for watching guys if you
disliked this video you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed or maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
well some of it's gonna end up on ebay
so
in the video description also down there
is our merch store which has cool shirts
like this one and our community forum
which you should totally join my
apologies to the editor for this one
though this is a completely unstructured
message mineral oil all over poorly
marked
headphones got totally wrecked i'll give
them to ivan
he loves free headphones it's a gift
it's a gift and a burden
that's the best kind of gift how do you
clean up mineral oil you basically can't
i'm good
i've just been dabbing it isopropyl
alcohol kind of works but not really
well why would dancing help clean it
[Music]
get it uh yeah
dabbing dazzle
sort of